Feature/import model card text (#3750)
gchq/Bailo: frontend/pages/docs/users/models/model-card/importing-model-card-text.mdx

Reviewer: Please update this page to follow our [docs style-guide](https://github.com/gchq/Bailo/blob/151c23a4616a36e8fbf35128502d0eea3894b6e2/frontend/pages/docs/style-guide.mdx).

The main changes will be adding a "Common questions callout", a "How to use" section, a "What to expect" section, and (optionally) "Next steps" and/or "Related pages".
Please also replace any em-dashes `—` with regular hyphens `-` (something I need to add to the style guide).

Author: @PE39806 Docs updated to match style guide: https://github.com/gchq/Bailo/pull/3750/commits/9d1596e456addd01179944a1658704da9f6f28d1

Reviewer: I'm afraid that the latest commit made changes to `frontend/pages/docs/administration/getting-started/app-configuration.mdx` rather than `frontend/pages/docs/users/managing-models-and-releases/upload-to-bailo/importing-model-card-text.mdx`. Please could you revert the latest commit and update `importing-model-card-text.mdx` instead?
Lastly, a new entry needs adding to `flatDirectory` in `frontend/pages/docs/directory.tsx` to add the new page `importing-model-card-text.mdx` to the docs tree to make it discoverable.

Author: The users documentation is intended for users of the application isnt it? They wouldnt be the ones administrating the LLM configuration.

Author: If we dont want it in the app-configuration page, we could have a seperate llm section within the admin pages?

import DocsWrapper from 'src/docs/DocsWrapper'

# Importing a Model Card from Text

> **Common questions this page answers:**
>
> - How do I populate a model card from existing documentation?
> - What text formats does the import feature support?
> - What happens when I run the import?
> - Why can I not see the "Import from Text" button?

If your model already has documentation - such as a HuggingFace model card, a system card, or other written
documentation - you can use Bailo's text import feature to automatically extract relevant information into your model
card form.

This feature requires an administrator to configure an LLM endpoint. If you do not see the **Import from Text** button,

> contact your Bailo administrator. See [LLM Import](/docs/administration/llm/llm-import) for setup instructions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
contact your Bailo administrator. See [LLM Import](../../../administration/llm/llm-import) for setup instructions.
```

6. Review the extracted data - the form will be populated with any information that was found. Fields that could not be
   populated from the source text will remain blank
7. Make any corrections or additions, then click **Save**

## What to expect

- The extraction only uses information that is **explicitly present** in your source text. It will not guess or infer
  values
- Some fields (such as internal references to data cards or user entities) cannot be populated from text and will always
  remain blank
- You can run the import multiple times if needed - each import replaces the current form data
- The extracted data is always presented for your review before saving. Nothing is saved automatically

## Supported formats

The import works with any plain text model documentation, including:

- HuggingFace model card README files
- AI system cards (for example Claude or GPT model cards)
- Internal model documentation
- Any structured or unstructured text describing a model

## Related pages

- [Model Card](/docs/users/models/model-card/model-card) - Filling in the model card and configuring access

> - [LLM Import](/docs/administration/llm/llm-import) - Enabling and configuring the LLM import feature

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Model Card](model-card) - Filling in the model card and configuring access
- [LLM Import](../../../administration/llm/llm-import) - Enabling and configuring the LLM import feature
```
